blog the podcast in the video those are
the big ones social is
absolutely secondary to me it took me
about a year and a half
to get all three of those firing maybe
there's some superhuman individuals that
can
do all three at once and hit it out of
the gates for most people it's way
better to go through one learning curve
get to competence and then look at okay
how do i add on the next learning curve
i did nothing but videos for six months
about 150 i switched to three videos per
week which was a really good pace for me
then i
put out my first lead magnet and it
sucked took three iterations to find
a lead magnet that was actually enticing
to my people at a year
is when i did my first blog even for me
it took 18 months
to get all three of those firing now
that they're all firing consistently for
longer periods of time
the power of compounding takes over and
that's why i prefer search over social
social you can get short-term benefits
something goes viral boom but
the search i have videos from 2016 that
are still bringing in
hundreds of subscribers per month to my
channel not to mention everything i've
done since then that's the power you get
in search that you just don't get in
social